Experience American History
Use this coupon to save $5 on a multi-site tour of Washington Crossing Historic Park.

Bitterly cold weather. Demoralized troops. Retreat after retreat. General George Washington needed a win—for his troops and for the new nation. Without it, the Revolutionary War could have ended in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.

Against all odds, Washington hatched a bold plan. On December 25, 1776, Washington and 2,400 of his troops crossed the ice-choked Delaware River under cover of darkness and recaptured the city of Trenton, which was occupied by enemy forces. In doing so, he reignited the cause of freedom and breathed new life into the Revolutionary War.

This summer, go back in time and visit the site where Washington saved the Revolution.

TOUR HISTORIC BUILDINGS
McConkey Ferry Inn in Washington Crossing, PA
Step inside the Thompson-Neely House and the McConkey Ferry Inn, located in Bucks County since Washington’s era. Other Historic Village buildings include a blacksmith shop, a general store and 19th century homes. These buildings offer clues about life for rural Pennsylvanians in the 19th century. Your tour guide will explain who lived and worked in the numerous Historic Village buildings.

TRAVEL BACK IN TIME TO THE REVOLUTIONARY ERA
Reenactors
As you walk tour the historic buildings at Washington Crossing Historic Park, you’ll learn what life was like for soldiers and civilians during the Revolutionary War. Your tour guide will explain how a typical Pennsylvania farmstead operated and how sick wounded Revolutionary War soldiers were treated. You can also meet heritage breed goats and sheep and tour a newly restored grist mill, which once ground local corn and wheat.

ENJOY THE NATURAL BEAUTY OF BUCKS COUNTY

Washington Crossing Historic Park is nestled in scenic lower Bucks County, PA. While you’re visiting, climb to the top of Bowman’s Hill Tower and enjoy a stunning 14-mile view of Bucks County from 125 feet in the air. The tower commemorates a possible look-out point used by General Washington during the Revolutionary War.